Editorial review: Add docs for view-transition-name: match-element (#39759)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/view_transition_api/using/index.md

> }
> ```

### Valid `view-transition-name` values

The `view-transition-name` property can take a unique {{cssxref("custom-ident")}} value, which can be any identifier that wouldn't be misinterpreted as a keyword. The value of `view-transition-name` for each rendered element must be unique. If two rendered elements have the same `view-transition-name` at the same time, {{domxref("ViewTransition.ready")}} will reject and the transition will be skipped.

It can also take keyword values of:

> - `none`: Causes the element to not participate in a view transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `none`: The element will not be snapshotted individually as part of a view transition.
```
